---
id: KEBRA-96-2
canon: Ethiopian-81
book: Kebra Nagast
chapter: 96
verse: 2
title: "Concerning The Prophecy About Christ"
source_type: Scripture
---

And now we will make known unto you how they paid no heed to Christ, the Word of God. When the children of Israel spake against Moses, saying, “Is it that God hath spoken to Moses only? How is it that we also do not hear the Word of God that we may believe on Him?” And God, Who knoweth the hearts of men, heard the murmuring of the children of Israel, and He said unto Moses, “Thou dost ask forgiveness for thy people, and yet they murmur against thee, saying, Why Both not God speak with us? And now, if they believe in Me, let them come hither to Me with thee. And tell them to purify themselves, and to wash their apparel, and let the great men of Israel go up to hear what commands I will give them, and let them hear My voice and perform the commandments which I shall give them.” And Moses told the children of Israel what he had been commanded, and the people bowed low before God, and they purified themselves on the third day. And the seventy elders of Israel went up into Mount Sinai, and they departed from the encampment and ascended Mount Sinai. And they were distant from each other the space of the flight of an arrow, and they stood still, each facing his neighbour. Now, though there were many of them and they used their endeavours, they were not able to ascend into the cloud with Moses, and fear and trembling seized upon them, and the shadow of death enveloped them; and they heard the sound of the horn and pipes, and (they felt] the darkness and the winds. And Moses went into the cloud and held converse with God, and all the great men of Israel heard that Voice of God, and they were afraid and quaked with terror, and because of the overwhelming terror which was in their hearts they were unable to stand up. And when Moses came forth they said unto him, “We will not hear this word of God so that we may not die of terror. And behold, we know that God holdeth converse with thee. And if there be anything that He would say unto us, do thou hearken thereto and declare it unto us. Be thou unto us a mouth in respect of God, and we will be unto Him His own people.” Do ye not see that they denied Christ and said, “We will not hearken to that Voice so that we may not die in terror”? Now Christ was the Word of God, and therefore when they said, “We will not hearken to that Voice,” they meant, “We do not believe in Christ.”
