---
id: KEBRA-82-3
canon: Ethiopian-81
book: Kebra Nagast
chapter: 82
verse: 3
title: "Concerning The Going Down Of Abraham Into Egypt"
source_type: Scripture
---

https://www.globalgreyebooks.com/online-ebooks/ernest-alfred-wallis-budge_queen-of-sheba_complete-text.html And when the Egyptians saw Abraham and Sârâh they marvelled at the beauty of their appearance, for they imagined that they had been brought forth by the same mother. And they said unto Abraham, “What is this woman to thee?” And Abraham said unto them, “She is my sister.” And they also asked Sârâh “What is this man to thee?” And she said unto them, “He is my brother.” Therefore did the people make a report to Pharaoh that a pair of goodly form had arrived, one a woman and the other a young man, and that there was no one like unto them in all the land. And Pharaoh rejoiced, and he sent a message to Abraham, saying, “Give me thy sister that I may betroth her to myself.” And Abraham pondered in his mind, saying, “If I keep her back he will kill me and take her”; and he said, “Do so, provided that thou dost make me well content.” And Pharaoh gave him one thousand silver ṭaflâḥet,[[42]](https://www.globalgreyebooks.com/online-ebooks/ernest-alfred-wallis-budge_queen-of-sheba_complete-text.html#_ftn42) and took Sârâh to make her his wife. And he brought her into his house, and set her upon his bed and Pharaoh the King of Egypt would have companied with her. But the Angel of the Lord appeared unto him by night carrying a sword of fire, and he drew nigh unto him, and he lighted up the whole chamber with his fiery flame, and he wished to slay Pharaoh. And Pharaoh fled from one wall of the chamber to the other, and from one corner of the chamber to the other; wheresoever he went the Angel followed him; and there was no place left whereto he could flee and hide himself. Then Pharaoh stretched out his hands and said unto the Angel, “O lord, forgive me this my sin.” And the Angel said unto him, “Why dost thou attack the wife of [another] man?” And Pharaoh said unto him, “O lord, slay thou not innocent blood. For he said unto me ‘She is my sister,’ and therefore I took her to myself innocently. What shall I do to deliver myself from thy hands?” And the Angel said unto him, “Give Abraham’s wife back to him, and give him a gift, and send him away to his own country.” And straightway Pharaoh called Abraham, and gave unto him his wife Sârâh, together with a handmaiden whose name was ‘Agâr (Hagar), and he gave unto him gold, and silver, and costly apparel, and sent him away in peace.
