---
id: KEBRA-82-4
canon: Ethiopian-81
book: Kebra Nagast
chapter: 82
verse: 4
title: "Concerning The Going Down Of Abraham Into Egypt"
source_type: Scripture
---

And Abraham and his wife returned to their country in peace. And Sârâh said unto Abraham, “I know that I am barren. Go thou in to this my handmaiden whom Pharaoh gave unto me; peradventure God will give thee seed in her. As for me, my person is shrunk and withered, and the flower of my body hath dried up.” And she gave ‘Agâr unto him. And Abraham went in to ‘Agâr, and she conceived by him, and she brought forth a son and called his name Ishmael, which is, being interpreted, “God hath heard me.” And afterwards God gave Abraham seed from his wife Sârâh and he begat Isaac. And afterwards Sârâh became jealous of Ishmael, the son of her handmaiden, because he would reach manhood before her son, and she said, “Peradventure he will slay my son and inherit his father’s house.” And Abraham offered up offerings to God and said, “Lord, what shall I do in respect of Ishmael, my son, my firstborn? I wish him to live for me before Thee, but Sârâh, my sister, is jealous because Thou hast given me seed in her old age.” Now Ishmael was fourteen years old before Isaac was born. And God said unto Abraham, “What Sârâh saith is true; cast Out the handmaiden with her son Ishmael. Let Ishmael live before Me, and I will make him a great nation, and he shall beget twelve nations and shall reign over them. And I will establish My covenant with Isaac My servant, the son of Sârâh, and in him I will bless all the nations of the earth, and I will make for him a great kingdom over all the nations of the earth, and in the heavens also I will make him king.”
