---
id: KEBRA-117-2
canon: Ethiopian-81
book: Kebra Nagast
chapter: 117
verse: 2
title: "Concerning The King Of Rômê And The King Of Ethiopia"
source_type: Scripture
---

And thus after they had become united in a common bond, and had established the right faith they were to determine that the Jews were no longer to live, and each of them was to leave his son there; and the King of Ethiopia was to leave there his firstborn son whose name was Israel, and was to return to his own country in joy. And when he came to his royal house, he was to give abundant thanks unto God, and to offer up his body as an offering of praise to his God. And God shall accept him gladly, for he shall not defile his body after he hath returned, but he shall go into a monastery in purity of heart. And he shall make king his youngest son, whose name is Gabra Masḳal, and he himself shall shut himself up [in a monastery]. And when one hath told this to the King of Nâgrân, the son of Kâlêb, he shall come in order to reign over Zion, and Gabra Masḳal shall make his armies to rise up, and he shall journey in a chariot, and they shall meet together at the narrow end of the Sea of Lîbâ, and shall fight together. And on the same night the two of them shall pray from sunset until the dawn, when the fight waxeth strong upon them. And when they have cried out to Him with tears God will look upon the prayer of both of them, and the penitent prayer of their father, and, will say, “This one is the elder and he hath stood up to perform the will of his father, and that one, the younger, hath loved his father, and hath prayed to God [for him].” And God will say to Gabra Masḳal, “Choose thou between the chariot and Zion,” and He will cause him to take Zion, and he shall reign openly upon the throne of his father. And God will make Israel to choose the chariot, and he shall reign secretly and he shall not be visible, and He will send him to all those who have transgressed the commandment of God. And no one shall build houses, and they shall live in tents, and none shall suffer fatigue in labouring, and none shall suffer thirst on the journey. And their days shall be double of those of [ordinary] men, and they shall use bows and arrows, and shall shoot at and pierce him that God hateth.
