---
id: KEBRA-60-3
canon: Ethiopian-81
book: Kebra Nagast
chapter: 60
verse: 3
title: "How Solomon Lamented For Zion"
source_type: Scripture
---

https://www.globalgreyebooks.com/online-ebooks/ernest-alfred-wallis-budge_queen-of-sheba_complete-text.html “Woe is me! Woe is me! I weep for myself. Rise up, David, my father, and weep with me for our Lady, for God hath neglected us and hath taken away our Lady from thy son. Woe is me! Woe is me! Woe is me! For the Sun of righteousness hath neglected rue. Woe is me! For we have neglected the command of our God, and we have become rejected ones on the earth. As priests we have not acted well, and as Kings we have not done what is right in respect of judgement to the orphans. Woe be unto us! Woe be unto us! What is right hath passed from us, and we are rebuked. Woe be unto us! Our joy hath turned aside to our enemies, and the grace that was ours hath been removed from us. Woe be unto us! Woe be unto us! Our back is turned towards the spears of our enemies. Woe he unto us! Woe be unto us! Our children have become the spoil and captives of those whom we recently had spoiled and made captives. Woe be unto us! Woe be unto us! Our widows weep, and our virgins mourn. Woe be unto us! Woe be unto us! Our old men wail and our young men lament. Woe be unto us! Woe be unto us! Our women shed tears and our city is laid waste. Woe be unto us! Woe be unto us! From this day to the end of our days [we must mourn], and our children likewise. Woe be unto us! Woe be unto us! For the glory of the glorious daughter of Zion is removed, and the glory of the daughter of Ethiopia, the vile,[[36]](https://www.globalgreyebooks.com/online-ebooks/ernest-alfred-wallis-budge_queen-of-sheba_complete-text.html#_ftn36) hath increased.
