---
id: KEBRA-42-11
canon: Ethiopian-81
book: Kebra Nagast
chapter: 42
verse: 11
title: "Concerning The Ten Commandments"
source_type: Scripture
---

“No man shall uncover the shame of one with whom he hath kinship; for I am the Lord your God. The shame of thy father and mother thou shalt not uncover, for it is thy mother. Thou shalt not uncover the shame of thy father’s wife, for it is the shame of thy mother. Thou shalt not uncover the shame of thy sister who was begotten by thy father or thy mother. Whether she was born unto him from outside or whether she is a kinswoman of thine thou shalt not uncover her shame. Thou shalt not uncover the shame either of thy son’s daughter, or the shame of the daughter of thy daughter, for it is thine own shame. Thou shalt not uncover the shame of the daughter of thy father’s wife, for she is thy sister, the daughter of thy mother, and thou shalt not uncover her shame. Thou shalt not uncover the shame of thy father’s sister, for she is of thy father’s house. Thou shalt not uncover the shame of thy mother’s sister, for she is of thy mother’s house. Thou shalt not uncover the shame of the wife of thy father’s brother, for she is thy kin[swoman]. Thou shalt not uncover the shame of thy son’s wife, for she is thy son’s wife. Thou shalt not uncover the shame of thy daughter and the wife of thy brother’s son, for it is thine own shame. Thou shalt not uncover the shame of thy brother’s wife, for it is thy brother’s shame as long as thy brother liveth. Thou shalt not uncover the shame of a woman and that of Ur daughter, nor that of the daughter of her son, nor that of the daughter of her daughter. Thou shalt not cause their shame to be uncovered; it is thy house and it is sin.
