---
canon: Ethiopian-81
source_type: Scripture
id: HORNER-72-1111
statute: 72
verse: 1111
---

having  taught  them  the  difference  of  the  works  by  the 
difference  of  the  names.  |  For  it  is  not  indeed  our  wont 
that  he  who  is  willing  to  fill  our  hands  should  be  able  to 
receive  from  us  what  he  wished  for,  after  the  fashion  of 
the  priests  of  the  calves,  whom  Jeroboam  made,  those  S 
who  were  despicable  and  reprobate  before  God  and  men.  j 
For  if  there  was  no  law  and  difference  of  order  (taxis) 
it  would  have  sufficed  to  perform  the  whole  (ministration) 
in  one  name.  |  But  having  been  taught  by  the  Lord  a 
succession  (akoulouthia)  of  the  works,  |  For  the  bishops  "&gt; 
indeed  we  assigned  the  chief  priesthood,  |  And  (de) 
the  presbyters  also  [79]  the  things  which  belong  to  the 
priesthood,  I  And  (de)  again  the  deacons  the  service 
(diakonia)  which  is  done  for  them  both  {sc.  bishop  and 
priest) ;  that  the  (meaner)  works  of  the  ministry  might  15 
be  performed  in  a  sacred  (manner).  |  For  neither  is  it 
right  for  the  deacons  to  offer  sacrifice  (thysia),  or  baptise, 
or  to  give  the  Eulogia  to  small  or  great,  |  Nor  for  the 
presbyters  to  ordain  (khirodonei).  For  it  is  not  right 
(dikaion)  to  transfer  the  orders  (daxis),  |  For  God  is  not  &gt;&lt;&gt; 
(the  author)  of  confusion,  so  that  those  of  inferior  order 
should  grasp  for  themselves  in  a  tyrannical  (manner)  (d.) 
the  things  which  belong  to  their  superiors,  fashioning 
(plasse)  for  themselves  a  new  law  unto  their  own 
destruction,  being  ignorant  that  it  is  harder  for  them  to  ^S 
kick  against  the  pricks  than  this.  1  For  such  men  oppose 
not  us  the  bishops,  but  they  are  opposing  the  great  bishop 
of  the  universe  and  the  great  Ghief  Priest,  our  Lord  Jesus 
the  Christ,  the  Son  of  God  and  truly  God.  |  For  Chief 
Priests  and  priests  and  levites  were  appointed  (kathista)  3^ 
by  Moyses  the  prophet  and  the  lover  of  God  |  Again,