---
canon: Ethiopian-81
source_type: Scripture
id: HORNER-72-1063
statute: 72
verse: 1063
---

And  (de)  if  there  should  be  the  instruction  (kathegesis) 
of  the  word,  let  them  choose  the  word  of  piety  for  them- 
selves more  than  anything  else.  |  Further  (de),  let  every 
believing  man  or  woman  behave  (prosekhe)  towards  his 
slaves  with  mildness,  according  as  we  have  commanded  s 
you  in  time  past  {Jit.  behind),  and  we  instructed  them 
thus  in  the  Epistles  (epistole).  |  Let  the  slaves  spend  five 
days  doing  work,  but  on  the  sabbath  (sabbaton)  and 
Lord's  day  (kyriake)  let  them  devote  themselves  to  the 
church,  that  they  may  be  instructed  in  piety  (eusebes)  "&gt; 
of  godliness,  |  The  sabbath  (s.)  indeed  because  the  Lord 
rested  on  it  from  finishing  all  the  creation,  |  And  (de)  the 
Lord's  day  (k.)  because  it  is  the  day  of  the  resurrection 
of  the  Lord.  And  (de)  let  them  not  work  also  in  the 
week  (hebdomas)  [70]  of  the  great  Paskha,  and  that  'S 
which  comes  after  it,  which  is  the  festival :  the  one 
indeed  because  the  Lord  was  crucified  in  it,  |  And  (de) 
the  other  because  he  rose  from  the  dead  in  it ;  |  For  it  is 
needful  (khria)  that  they  should  know  by  the  instruction 
who  died  and  rose.  |  And  (de)  let  them  not  work  also  on  •» 
the  Ascension,  because  the  dispensation  (oikonomia)  of 
the  Lord  was  finished  on  that  day.  |  Nor  let  them  work 
on  the  Pentekoste,  because  of  the  coming  (parrousia)  of 
the  Holy  Spirit,  which  (if.  the  coming)  came  upon  us 
the  Apostles  and  all  who  believe  in  the  Christ  |  Let  them  as 
not  also  work  on  the  Birthday  of  the  Christ,  because  of 
the  grace  (kharis)  which  was  suddenly  given  to  men  on 
that  day,  by  God  the  Word  (logos)  of  the  Father  being 
bom  of  the  holy  TheodOkos,  Maria  the  virgin,  for  the 
salvation  of  all  the  race  (genos)  of  men.  |  And  (de)  let  30 
them  not  work  also  on  the  festival  of  the  washing,  for