---
id: KEBRA-30-4
canon: Ethiopian-81
book: Kebra Nagast
chapter: 30
verse: 4
title: "Concerning How King Solomon Swore To The Queen"
source_type: Scripture
---

https://www.globalgreyebooks.com/online-ebooks/ernest-alfred-wallis-budge_queen-of-sheba_complete-text.html And after he slept there appeared unto King Solomon [in a dream] a brilliant sun, and it came down from heaven and shed exceedingly great splendour over Israel. And when it had tarried there for a time it suddenly withdrew itself, and it flew away to the country of Ethiopia, and it shone there with exceedingly great brightness for ever, for it willed to dwell there. And [the King said], “I waited [to see] if it would come back to Israel, but it did not return. And again while I waited a light rose up in the heavens, and a Sun came down from them in the country of Judah, and it sent forth light which was very much stronger than before.” And[[32]](https://www.globalgreyebooks.com/online-ebooks/ernest-alfred-wallis-budge_queen-of-sheba_complete-text.html#_ftn32) Israel, because of the flame of that Sun entreated that Sun evilly and would not walk in the light thereof. And that Sun paid no heed to Israel, and the Israelites hated Him, and it became impossible that peace should exist between them and the Sun. And they lifted up their hands against Him with staves and knives, and they wished to extinguish that Sun. And they cast darkness upon the whole world with earthquake and thick darkness, and they imagined that that Sun would never more rise upon them. And they destroyed His light and cast themselves upon Him and they set a guard over His tomb wherein they had cast Him.. And He came forth where they did not look for Him, and illumined the whole world, more especially the First Sea and the Last Sea, Ethiopia and Rôm. And He paid no heed whatsoever to Israel, and He ascended His former throne.
