---
id: KEBRA-104-4
canon: Ethiopian-81
book: Kebra Nagast
chapter: 104
verse: 4
title: "More Concerning The Ark And The Talk Of The Wicked"
source_type: Scripture
---

And I will also declare unto you what is written concerning the pride of Pharaoh. Moses did as God commanded him, and turned his rod into a serpent; and Pharaoh commanded the magicians, the sorcerers, to do the same with their rods. And they made their rods into three serpents which, by means of magic, wriggled before Moses and Aaron, and before Pharaoh and the nobles of Egypt. And the rod of Moses swallowed up the rods of the magicians, for these deceivers had worked magic for the sight of the eyes of men. Now that which happeneth through the word of God overcometh every [kind of] magic that can be wrought. And no one can find him to be evil, for it is the Holy Spirit Who guideth and directeth him that believeth with an upright heart without negligence. Even as Paul saith, “By believing the fathers of olden time were saved.” He wished to make known each by his name from Adam, and Noah, and Abraham, to Rahab the harlot who received the spies. And thou, O blind Jew, canst thou not understand from what thou readest in the Law, that is to say, the Tôrâh wherein thou believest, that inasmuch as thou canst not perform its commandments thou art cursed thereby? For when He saith, “All those who walk therein, if they do not keep what is written therein, accursed shall they be,” He saith it to thee. But us, who believe in Christ, the Son of God, the grace of God hath chosen, saying, “He who believeth and is baptized shall be saved.”
