---
id: KEBRA-104-2
canon: Ethiopian-81
book: Kebra Nagast
chapter: 104
verse: 2
title: "More Concerning The Ark And The Talk Of The Wicked"
source_type: Scripture
---

Salvation came unto Adam through the wood. For Adam’s first transgression came through the wood, and from the beginning God ordained salvation for him through the wood. For God Himself is the Creator and Giver of life and death, and everything is performed by His Word, and He created everything, and He maketh righteous him that serveth Him in purity in His pure Tabernacle of the Law. For it is called “mercy-seat,” and it is also called “place of refuge,” and it is also called “altar,” and it is also called “place of forgiveness of sins,” and it is called “salvation,” and it is called “gate of life,” and it is called “glorification,” and it is called “city of refuge,” and it is called “ship,” and it is called “haven of salvation,” and it is called “house of prayer,” and it is called “place of forgiveness of sins for him that prayeth in purity in it,” so that [men] may pray therein in purity and not defile their bodies. God loveth the pure, for He is the habitation for the pure. Those who come into His habitation, and are accepted in the holy Tabernacle, and who pray unto Him with all their hearts, He will hear and will save in the day of their tribulation, and He will fulfil their desire. For He hath made the holy Tabernacle to be a similitude of His throne. But there are some among those whom ye have brought unto us who are like unto us Christians, but who have not abandoned the sin which their father the Devil hath made to spring up in them. And he said, “Thus it is right that we should pray in Zion, the Tabernacle of the Law of God; she was at the first and is even now. The similitude thereof and the fruit thereof are the Mother of the Redeemer, Mary; it is right that we should worship her, for in her name is blessed the Tabernacle of the Law of God. And it is right that we should worship Michael and Gabriel.”
