---
id: KEBRA-72-1
canon: Ethiopian-81
book: Kebra Nagast
chapter: 72
verse: 1
title: "Concerning The King Of Rome. (Constantinople)"
source_type: Scripture
---

And we will begin to tell you what we have heard, and what we have found written, and what we have seen concerning the King of Rômê. The kingdom of Rômê was the portion and dominion of Japhet, the son of Noah. And sitting down they made twelve great cities, and Darius built the greatest cities of their kingdoms: ‘Anṭôkyâ (Antioch), Dîresyâ (Tyre?), and Bârtonyâ (Parthia?), and Râmyâ (Roma?), and those who reigned dwelt there; and King Constantine built Constantinople after his own name. Now the sign of the Cross having appeared to him during the battle in the form of stars cut in the heavens, he was delivered out of the hands of his enemy; and from that time onwards the Kings of Rômê made their habitation there. And that Darius had many descendants; and from Darius to the days of Solomon were eighteen generations. And of his seed was born a man whose name was Zanbarês, and he made in wisdom a drawing of the astrolabe, and placed stars therein, and [he made also] a balance (i.e., clock) for the sun. And he [fore]saw what would come after, and that the kingdom would not remain to the children of Japhet, but would depart to the seed of David, of the tribe of Shem. And when he thus saw, he sent a message to David the King, saying, “Take my daughter for thy son”; and David the King took her and gave her to Solomon his son, and Solomon begat a son by her and called his name “‘Adrâmî.” And Zanbarês died before [this] and Baḷtasôr, who was of his kinsmen, became king. And he lacked male offspring to reign after him upon his throne, and he was jealous lest the children of his father should reign after him. And he sent a written message to Solomon the King, saying, “Hail to the greatness of thy kingdom, and to thine honourable wisdom! And now, give me thy son, whom I will make king over the city of Rômê. For I have not been able to beget male children, but only three daughters. And I will give him whichever of my daughters he pleaseth, and I will give him my throne, and he shall be king, he and his seed after him in the city of Rômê for ever.”
